this video is brought to you by clip
flip the app that pays you money to make
helpful videos on your iphone or android
phone check them out at WWF lip com hey
guys what's up its ipod touch Bob and
today I'm going to come back you guys
with another review and this is going to
be a review of the istabilizer Fleck
which is a portable tripod that does
have flexible legs so you can pretty
much put it at any angle you want to you
can wrap it around trees or wrap it
around poles or anything that you want
to like that to get the best camera
angles for your video or photo now this
section retails on their website for
2995 and you can pick it up at
istabilizer com they'll be a link down
below to where you check out their
website their other products but without
further ado let's just gonna jump right
into this for of you alright so the
istabilizer flex is that like i said a
portable tripod that has flexible legs
and i can tell you this is a very high
quality product it's built very well it
feels like it's gonna last it doesn't
feel like it's cheap or anything like
that now the legs do have some nice
padding on them this is so that whatever
you attach it to isn't going to get
ruined on the padding's just going to
keep this device protected and it's also
going to keep the surface that you put
it on protected because the legs aren't
going to scratch it up considering
they're not plastic they have some
padding on there also the feet on this
tripod are made of rubber so whatever
you put it on just like the legs it's
not going to scratch it up because it's
rubber so it's not going to leave any
scratches behind once you finish
recording on whatever surface you want
to record on so the legs on the tripod
are flexible like i said i'm as you can
tell from the video i'm rotating the
legs left right up and down whichever
way i want to take them and they will
rotate that direction which is really
nice they're flexible but they aren't so
easily flex that once you wrap it around
something that they're going to come on
flex or anything like that so that's
really nice because it means that
whenever you wrap it around it's going
to stay wrapped around that until you
want to take it off so that your video
is nice and sturdy and there's not any
shaking or anything like that it's not
going to fall off which is really nice
alright so the head of the tripod is
ball mounted on to the legs of the
tripod so this means that you will be
able to rotate your phone or whatever
device you're recording with 360 degrees
no problem because it does have the ball
mount so you will be able to rotate it
and you all can also tilt a little bit
because there is a indent in the ball
mount that will allow you to tilt it so
that you can go from portrait to
landscape mode no problem whichever way
you want to to get the best angle for
your video but I like the ball mount
because it just means that you'll be
able to rotate this 360 degrees without
actually taking the tripod off what you
amounted to or moving it all right so
the actual head of this tripod is
another one of their products in the
istabilizer mount and it actually comes
with this device it's really nice
because all you have to do to pretty
much install your phone or whatever
device you're going to record with maybe
your ipod all you have to do is pull up
on the device it will extend and then
you can put your phone in there and you
let go and it will lock it into place
now once it's locked into place it's not
going to be moving or falling out of the
tripod which is really nice it locks it
in there pretty tight so there's not
it's not going to be moving around
anything like that messing up your video
it's going to be locked down in there
keep your video nice and steady make
sure that your device doesn't fall out
which is really nice now also on the
tripod head on the bottom where you're
going to put part of your phone there is
a nice cloth piece right there it's sort
of a little bit rubberized and it means
that your phone if it's done in the case
isn't going to get scratched up which is
really nice and also on the top there's
a rubber piece that separates your phone
from the metal so your phone isn't going
to get scratched on any side of it which
is really nice because it means that
obviously you're not going to store your
device or get scratches on it by using
this which is really nice I'm glad they
put these on there just a safety
precaution so that you don't mess up
your device at all alright so another
reason i like this tripod is the fact
that it is universal which means that
you're not locked down the only using
the iphone are only using the android
phone or only using a black bear
anything like that it's Universal so any
phone that actually fits the dimensions
of what it can hold will be able to use
this device which is really nice I like
that it's Universal and not just lock
down the one specific phone or one
specific mobile device alright so let's
say you want to use the bottom of the
tripod being the flexible legs to record
something but you don't actually want to
use your iPhone well you can actually
unscrew the istabilizer mount which is
the head of the tripod it actually comes
off and underneath that there is a
standard tripod mount under there which
can go ahead and use to attach your
digital camera or your video camera to
it and go ahead and record with the
bottom of the tripod which is the
flexible legs which is really cool i'm
glad they give you that option just in
case you don't want to record with your
ipod or you don't have like an iphone
handy you can just go and use your
digital camera which is really nice ok
so overall i think is a really nifty
product it definitely could come in
handy if you're always recording with
your iPhone or if you're always on the
go and you want to record stuff without
it being shaky for me holding your
iPhone or anything like that this is a
great alternative and it can keep your
video steady and you can pretty much
shoe from any angle you want to because
the possibilities are endless because
you're able to wrap the legs around
anything you want to or you can just set
it up as a standard tripod with the legs
on the ground it's really nice it's very
portable and I definitely like this
product a lot especially for 2999 I
think it's a great product and
definitely worth the money if you're
into video shooting with your iPhone go
ahead and definitely pick this up at
their website istabilizer com they'll be
a link down below where you can check
out their website and other other
products but I definitely recommend this
product 100% it's a great product well
built and definitely well thought out
because you're able to remove the tripod
head and it's just a great product in
general so thanks for watching guys hope
you enjoyed the video if you did make
sure to click that like button down
below so let's leave a comment down
there and if you want to subscribe to be
updated whenever I upload new videos
reviews unboxings and much more click
that subscribe button up there thanks
for watching guys hope you enjoy the
video and I'll catch my next one see ya